## Introduction
Unmanned aerial vehicles, also known as UAV's or drones, have long been an important attraction for military. Authorities tried to use this technology for military purposes for decades, as one of the first successful drone operations goes back to 1980's, when Israel used them in Lebanon War. (source 2) Their success led to the idea that drones are a weapon that were to be used for missions that are dull, dirty, and dangerous. (source 1) It was not out of place to categorize drones as killer robots. However, with the UAV technology getting cheaper and cheaper, alternative usages have emerged among both civilians and military. While civilian usage are practically endless, from toys to commercial delivery and photography, military usage also changed to consider less deadly application areas. One of those areas are reconnaissance: which can be defined as collecting information about an area. While in military this means scouting enemy territory, technologies used can be generalized to other areas as well.
## Our Project
We believe mixed use of different types of drones could improve recon a lot. Our project has two essential parts. The base drones which leads the operations should have a high payload capacity and a long duration of flight. These base drones also should have high computing power. The main mission of these drones will not be survaillance. Survaillance drones are almost exactly opposite to these base drones, because they will have very small wing widths, they will be lighter in weight and they will have improved movement capacity. These survaillance drones will be very small in scale and they will act like a swarm of bugs, scouting the area swiftly. They will send their data to the base drone, and the base drone will process this data quickly on the place. Base drones will work on edge computing paradigms, they can also direct survaillance drones to inspect a high-risk area closely or it can alert the humans at another stationary base about threats. This paired system will help operations by fast decisions that are accurate and it will lower the cost of these operations.
